Sao Paulo was one thing it does not matter
much with the legendary team but the next
year to give a happy 2010 when it came to
be pushed by the player
the advertisement paula he who was champion
Because then, to dream I started to dream.
even baby crosses and so on to what is
corintiana by mass even if it was
the author of foreign waste amounts to
entrance is free
We are in a fifa event so
there is a protocol to people though
I would like to ask but we are going
pass the second warrior player you
made the goal in the semifinal scored the goal now
in the end what the feeling of doing
these two goals to see this whole crowd
celebrating happy happy as I said
and that the goal was achieved, right?
in the others we prepared very well in the
Brazil we have a lot of time in preparation
in the day to day physical and technical
everything there is slope erosion and so I
I'm really happy because the crowd is the
We have a very great experience.
and we arrived here in Japan with 1
We are thinking about what we deserve right or
Corinthian fan deserves a championship
so and the people who come here
I was going to finish on television
People who sold the car were not one day
day charge much jorge alexandre ué
and then these things dust when you go in there
in the field then remembering these things and
It sucked time to change everything from me because
I am this person deserves and deserves not
Money is a happiness, or wherever.
can we give this happiness can that
goal you thought you could look
also make the goal in the final
what is enter the field with the governor
my team is not dream and I can not
speak before achieving my goal is
that what is right is not
but I dream that it 's coming in the end and it's going
make the goal of the final the best in the final
but if you talk later
this stadium full of Corinthians like this
surprised you that it comes in turkey like this
surprised many learned given the
experience that we have a look
in Brazil
after the first game was also
filled the Corinthians and now right where
everything was all full of
Corinthian cheering for us all
stadium screaming corinthians and which
it's an incredible motivation right?
Do you think it's going to be how you think?
What is going to be the party there in Brazil? So?
if you already have this bunch of crazy people like
it will be like targino then commanded
is being seen with him I do not want
imagine there are a lot of people in the area there
celebrating right?
When you hear if chelsea is the team
It's a millionaire, it's the famous team.
European is the favorite
This messed with you not because I think
that the day to day work
It gave us strength, we did not know
that we have a lot of quality in the team
and we knew it was going to be strong but we
have to run score and have a lot of
humidity and and easy you can win
if you know why he has a lot of player
a lot of quality but we also then we
we trust and we can be
A great game, huh?
Thank you congratulations for the day of the club there.
galvão bueno is then if the complaint
and power of no no to the question in the
world cup club cola zero
as neurosis
I've always been very strong and very
thing in favor of the team because
he deserved it for all of you